
** Calendar of activities?


** Specialist (non-physics topics) instructor submissions?
	Automotive
	Dance
	various sports
	hobbies




** Journaling on efforts?




** My previous knowlege expectations of the student
	What should I really expect?

	Reading level?

	Math level?

	Organization level?

	Time commitment level?




** Finding my 'voice'
	Read some other books and try to determine what is the author's style?
		In what person is the text written? Are there many in-text directives for students or are these in special boxes in the margin?
		Is it written with grandfatherly perspective or coaching, or cheerleader?
		Who am I and with what voice do I most naturally write?
		What voice are students most receptive to?
		Is it too complicated to try to avoid passive voice? Doesn't it sound snooty sometimes?

		Describe Richard Feynman's voice in his lectures:
			Excited to share his hindsight views on basic physics
			Highlights things this teacher (me), for example, took for granted but didn't really think too much about.
			Friendly tone, I think. Trying to head questions off at the pass.
			Valuable for first time learners? With help from interested people who've already learned a lot. Possibly too difficult for first time learners. Really really cool for reviewing
			Exploratory tone

		Benson: 
			Very concise. Some exploration (?) done for the student. Probably really old-school. I like it as a teacher (a person who's already spent a lot of time with the material). First time learners- I could see that it's not enough words sometimes? Not effusive enough?

		HRW:
			Probably considered the standard style of textbook.


	Semiotic Element?
		Can I cause certain example phenomena, images, and/or sounds to be symbolic of fundamental concepts and fundamental conceptual connections.

		Semiotics and learning. The word itself is not important... the meaning is.






** 'Voice' for the main proj---
	Should others be encouraged to write in a neutral voice?
	Should students be able to see what text their instructor specially crafted for their course?


** Interesting student-views on the content-
	Idea is to give students ability to grey-out levels of the text. For studying? For initial reads? For use during lecture?
		Main ideas
		Definitions
		Easy examples
		More complicated examples
		Memory games like fill-in-the-blank
		Outline-esque phrases

		Could I implement this with my systems chapter?



** In what voice should students be encouraged to answer?
	Perhaps different styles of answer.
	That require different levels of confidence.
		Answer as a student
		Answer as a worker
		Answer as a tutor
		Answer as a teacher


** Pin down the different levels of Creative Commons liscenses
	Concrete examples of what is permitted under the different levels
