
Introduction
	For instructors
		How I envision this tool to be used


		How to make changes
			Ownerships and rights

			Instructions

			Looking for ideas?
				Other instructor's works?
				Can you see data?
					Student effort
					Learning Outcomes results
					Other metrics






	For students
		My assumptions about the student
			Common scientific basis (US middle school level, for example?)
		What should I really expect?

		Reading level?

		Math level?

		Organization level?

		Time commitment level?



Physical Systems



Physics is a Science
	Might start out as 'I wonder if I can get this thing to do that for me?' which is a cause and effect kind of exploration (Faraday, Tesla,  )
	Turns into something like 'I wonder how little of this is necessary for that to do that thing'
	Evolves into trying things out, experimenting, keeping records, limited resources leads to multiple labs, lots of research, lots of competition and collaboration, hiring and educating smart, dedicated people.
	Success is based upon reproducibiliity not magic. Claims are tested and learned from

	People wonder if disparate subjects are related
		They seem similar in structure or pattern or effect or something
			Upon deeper explorations
				deep interesting differences are irreconcilable
				deep interesting similarties tie them together

	Disparate subjects are found to be unrelated when they were previously suspected to be related


Heat, Temperature, and Related Phenomena




Big, Medium and Small in Nature

	Universe, Galaxies, Satellites
	Electronics (Physicists prefer Electromagnetism)
	Nuclear



Objects Move- Carefully Characterizing Motion- First efforts at being very very careful about measuring and calculating and units and dimensions
	make sure to include big, medium, and small object examples...
	relativity slow and fast




Very Special Observations

	The quantities that turn out to really matter in physics can seem indirect; combinations of 'direct' quantities
		A system can lose or gain certain quantities (abilities, qualities) depending on how other systems can influence it
	Conserved Quantities
	Non-conserved but important quantities (entropy, for example. Others?)






